I joined PPC Hub for the Courses
and the courses are amazing.
But one of the reasons why I'm absolutely
going to stay there is because there's
other benefits that we weren't expecting.
So if we have a question or a problem
about an account, um, we can ask
and it gets answered by other PPC
specialists and there's different
views and you can take what you want,
but it gives clarity to problems.
And even if you're doing something, you
ask, is there a better way of doing this?
You're getting input, which is absolutely
priceless and saves you so much time
as well as improves your accounts.
But there's also other benefits as well.
One of the things we've got is it's
changed how we view our business.
So, there was a, um, a talk with
Kirk Williams, which is about not
scaling your business and that
really fits us and who we are.
And we've embraced the term that
we're a micro business, which has
completely changed how we operate.
And, or in fact, how we view things.
So our business and our work
life balance has got so much
better from joining PPC Hub.
And I can see that
happening along the way.
Even things with, with how we balance our
work days are changing to fit us better.
And that has definitely been influenced
by seeing other people and how they
run their businesses and taking the
bits that we think fit right for us.
So that has been a
completely unexpected bonus.
And in some ways, equally as good
as us becoming better at what we do.
So, um, yeah, that's, that's
been absolutely fantastic
I would have 100 percent
recommend PPC Hub.
There is, I wouldn't want to
run my business now without it.
Um, it's made not just me better at what
I do, but it's also changing how we view
our business and how we run our business.
And that's a lot more than I
was expecting when I joined.
I was just expecting great courses.
They did that and then
some, so it's well worth it.